Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you
an overview of the 2016 South
Korean action horror film called 'Train to Busan'.
The film was directed by Yeon Sang-ho.
The majority of the film takes place aboard
a high-speed train travelling from Seoul to
Busan while a zombie apocalypse strikes the
country, endangering the passengers' lives.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
A chemical spill at a biotech company sparks a
zombie outbreak that quickly
sweeps over South Korea.
Seo Seok-woo, a fund manager and divorced
father, is a pessimistic workaholic.
Su-an, his daughter, wishes to spend
her birthday in Busan with her mother.
He tries to console her by giving her a Wii,
despite the fact that she already owns one.
He decides to take Su-an to Busan by an
early KTX 101 train from Seoul Station after
viewing a video of her suffering from stage
anxiety while performing the Hawaiian song
'Aloha 'Oe' during a recital he couldn't
attend. Yoon Sang-hwa, a working-class man,
and his pregnant wife Seong-kyeong; selfish
COO Yon-suk; a high school baseball team,
including baseball player Min Yong-guk and
cheerleader Kim Jin-hee; train attendant Ki-chul;
elderly sisters In-gil and Jong-gil; and a
homeless stowaway are among the other passengers.
Before the train departs, indications of the
illness spread throughout the station, and an
infected lady sneaks onboard just as the doors
close, undiscovered. She rapidly transforms into
a zombie, attacks an attendant, and many of the
personnel and passengers become zombies as well.
The surviving passengers take refuge in
the train's front and rear carriages,
noticing that the infected zombies will
only attack if they can see or hear them,
but they will not be able to open the doors.
They hear about the fast spreading illness
via news broadcasts, and Seok-woo finds the
biotech factory is linked to his company.
He utilises his connections to attempt to
guarantee Su-an and himself safe passage.
The train comes to a halt at Daejeon Station,
which is allegedly guarded by the South Korean
Army. The passengers exit into a deserted station,
only to discover that the troops have turned into
zombies, who assault the group. As they rush
back to the train, many passengers are assaulted
and murdered, but the majority of those who
survive board the front carriages safely.
Su-an, Seong-kyeong, In-gil, and the homeless
guy are trapped between two zombie-infested
automobiles and take refuge in the toilets.
Seok-woo, Yong-guk, Sang-hwa, and two of
Yong-three guk's surviving classmates sprint to
board the moving train, however Yong-pals guk's
are murdered and infected during the escape and
wind up in the back carriages. After discovering
that Busan has been declared a quarantine
zone, the captain guides the train there.
Seok-gang woo's exploits the darkness of the
tunnels along the road to cross through the
zombie-infested cars and rescue their loved ones.
The gang continues to move towards the front
automobiles that are secure, but accidentally
notifies the zombies in the final car before the
safe one. While Seok-woo and Sang-hwa stay behind
to keep the doors shut while the others flee,
Yon-suk has persuaded Ki-chul and the other
passengers that they are potentially sick and
should not assist. Sang-hwa gives up his life
to allow Seok-woo to get the others to safety.
In-gil is grabbed by the undead
because he is too sluggish.
Yon-suk and Ki-chul take the other passengers
in the front vehicles into a closed vestibule,
assuming Seok-group woo's is infected. The
passengers' selfishness has disturbed Jong-gil,
who allows the zombies into the front car,
murdering the other survivors, but Yon-suk
and Ki-chul manage to flee into a toilet. Due to a
blocked track, the train is forced to halt at East
Daegu railway station, forcing the survivors to
seek a different train. Yon-suk drives Ki-chul,
Jin-hee, and the captain into a group
of zombies on his way out, but Yong-guk
waits with Jin-hee until she reanimates and
kills him. Seok-woo, Su-an, Seong-kyeong,
and the homeless man are trapped under a railroad
car due to an out-of-control train. While the
others escape via a tiny hole and discover a
functioning train, the homeless guy sacrifices
himself to keep back a zombie horde. They are
on their way to Busan after freeing a train
from a swarm of zombies holding it back, when
a zombified Yon-suk assaults Seok-woo and bites
him before Seok-woo can toss him from the engine.
Knowing he'll be turned, he hurriedly instructs
Seong-kyeong how to operate the train and bids his
daughter farewell before leaping off the train.
Seong-kyeong and Su-an are forced to walk
as a tunnel is closed just before Busan.
Military snipers ready to shoot at the
tunnel's exit until Su-an sobs and sings
'Aloha 'Oe.' They then discover the duo is
human and assist them in getting to safety.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.